 ## What is camelCase, PascalCase, kebab-case and snake_case?   Camel, pascal, kebab and snake case (and others) are all naming conventions that we use in computer programming to be able to create compound names for variables, types, functions, clases and other structures in source code.  ### camelCase  The rules are that we capitalize all the words after the first one.   Camel case is commonly used for variables and functions in JavaScript.    ### PascalCase Here we need to capitalize all the words including the first one. PascalCase is often preferred by C programmers.   ### kebab-case For this one, we add a dash between each word and all of them are lowercase.  HTML5 attributes can start with data- like data-name. Also, CSS uses dashes in property-names like background-color.   ### snake_case In contrast to the kebab case, for the snake case we add an underscore instead.  Many programmers use underscores especially in SQL databases for things like creation_date, company_name, etc.   Raw	|camelCase	|   PascalCase  |	kebab-case  |	snake_case ----|-----------|---------------|---------------|--------------- fruits in basket |fruitsInBasket |FruitsInBasket|fruits-in-basket|fruits_in_basket has error	|hasError	|HasError	|has-error	|has_error is visible	|isVisible	|IsVisible	|is-visible	|is_visible     ### Some benefits that naming conventions bring are:  Consistency. Since naming something is one of the hardest jobs of a programmer, at least we can agree on a convention and be consistent about it. Better understanding. Compound names explain a lot better than one word or one character the purpose of the structure. Readability. Enhances the ability to read the code. Automation. Enables the use of automated refactoring and search and replace tools. 